- [Ignacio] Previously on Ugly Betty:
- Ta-da!
We're lmmigration and Customs
Enforcement. You're under arrest.
You know,
I'm glad I saw this side of you.
[Bradford] Best-selling author
behind MYW, Sofia Reyes.
- Did you get my e-mails?
- Yeah, I was busy... with my boyfriend.
Come work for my magazine. You'll
have your own assistant within a year.
I guess this is goodbye.
You're destined for bigger things.
Sofia. Hi. You
make my heart beat faster.
You do take my breath away.
I love you, Sofia.
[Man] And we're live in 6O seconds.
[Bell rings]
On the bell, people. OK camera two,
tighten up. Ready camera one.
Last looks, people.
- Frodo. Where you think you're going?
- To speak to Daniel Meade.
- He's on stage, we're going on air.
- OK, but it's an emergency!
- What's your name?
- Betty Suarez. Sofia Reyes' assistant.
We've been specifically
instructed not to let you near them.
What?
- [Man] Hey!
- [Up-tempo music plays]
Security, get her out of here!
- Daniel!
- In five... four...
...three...
...two...
[Sofia] Daniel?
[Daniel] Voilà. Breakfast parfait.
I made it all by myself.
There are a lot of layers,
you have to eat to the bottom.
- 'Cause, there's a surprise.
- Really?
Have I told you how impossible
the last two weeks away from you were?
Mmm. It was unbearable for me too.
Why is my yogurt crunchy?
That's the pine nut layer.
You got to keep going.
So promise me you'll never spend
that much time away from me again.
Are you asking me to stick around?
What's the surprise?
Papaya! It was your favorite fruit
growing up, right?
I cut it into little
heart-shaped pieces, you see?
No ring?
We haven't even gone through
the "Steps of Love" yet.
- What steps of love?
- Chapter one from your book.
Things a couple do
before they get engaged,
meeting each other's parents,
going on an exotic vacation...
I wrote that chapter in the book
just to give it some pizzazz.
They're turning it into a movie next
year. Penelope Cruz is dying to play me.
So the part about wearing
each other's underwear for a day?
- No. I was drunk when I wrote that.
- Thank God.
This thing is kind of riding up.
Listen, Daniel, forget about the book.
This... is right.
Can't you feel it?
I do.
I really do.
I just... I want to savor this time.
[Indistinct chatter]
You are not wearing that sweater vest!
- You don't like it?
- No, I don't like it.
I love it. I almost bought
the same one at Lady's for Less.
- Forty off?
- Yeah. Oh, you must be Betty.
Sofia's told us all about you.
I hear you were a star at Mode.
Oh, no, no. I don't know about that.
Well, honestly,
I don't know how you did it.
My rosacea flairs up if
the elevator even stops on that floor.
- Well, it wasn't easy.
- Cute bunny.
Well, MYW is a lot different.
You couldn't ask for a better place
to work, or a better boss than Sofia.
- Yeah, she's so kind and supportive.
- The best.
Listen, I'm right over here
if you need me.
Just promise me you'll lend me
that sweater vest if I got a hot date.
- Or any date.
- It's done.
[Sighs]
Aah... I'm home.
Oh!
I thought I'd never say this...
...but I miss Texas.
- [Both chuckle]
- I was a little worried that first day
when you plunked
your Jimmy Choos in cow dung.
Well, it wasn't as bad
as you calling them "Jimmy Poo's."
Well, you got to admit that was funny.
[Cell phone rings]
Oh, there it goes again.
Lucky my Colt's not handy.
What am I supposed to do?
I have to get back to reality.
Why don't you hold onto a little bit
of that calm you had in Texas with me?
You know, be a little more armadillo,
a little less roadrunner.
Uh... A little more English,
a little less Texan, please.
The armadillo doesn't move fast,
but gets done what he needs to,
then lies in the sun,
the roadrunner never stops,
feathers flying everywhere, running
all over creation, doesn't have any fun.
Weren't armadillos those animals we saw
dead in the middle of the highway?
Well, I never said they were smart.
Just relaxed and happy.
- [Cell phone rings]
- [Groans]
What do you think of that,
Mr. Armadillo?
[Both moaning]
Mr. Suarez, do you have anything
to prove your year of entry was 1977?
Yeah. I think there's ticket stubs to
Saturday Night Fever somewhere in there.
- What are you writing?
- None of your business.
- Listen, lady...
- My name is Constance, not "lady."
I was giving you
the benefit of the doubt.
Look, I've been living
in this country for 30 years now.
I have two... I have two kids.
My wife is buried here.
For two hours you've
been grilling me like I'm...
A criminal?
Mr. Suarez, in the eyes of the ICE,
that's exactly what you are.
Let me remind you,
you are in this country illegally.
My department is the one thing standing
between you and deportation.
Now I got to go grab myself a smoothie.
I hope by tomorrow morning you've...
...found a new attitude and
something to prove that year of entry.
Good day, Mr. Suarez.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Yeah, what department do I speak to
about getting a new caseworker?
[Woman]
Rise and Shine America called.
They want a copy of the issue
before tomorrow's appearance.
They can't have it until
I've decided on the cover,
and I haven't decided yet. What else?
Bad news. The freelancer who wrote
that female NASCAR driver story
sold the same article
to Jane two years ago.
What? That was our fish out of water
story. Do we have anything else?
[Gasps] I have a friend
who can paint with her feet.
How is that a fish out of water?
- She doesn't have arms.
- We need a socialite in the military.
- A grandma who bungee jumps.
- I'm sorry I'm late.
A girl like that working at Mode.
Everyone, if you haven't met her, this
is my executive assistant, Betty Suarez.
Hi.
[Sofia] She worked at Mode
till just recently.
- Quite a different vibe here.
- Wow. Yeah.
For starters, it's nice
to see people actually eat.
- [Giggling]
- [Snorts]
It's nice to work with people of
different colors, and shapes and sizes,
- and handicapped.
- Handicapable.
Right. I'm sorry. I...
Betty... you are our fish.
[Clears throat]
- Excuse me?
- Our fish out of water.
Put down that coffee
and pick up a pencil.
I want you to quickly write an article
all about your experience
working at Mode.
Talk to people you interacted with.
And Betty, get me good, honest quotes.
A normal fish
in shark-infested waters.
It's great. Get started.
Six hundred words by tomorrow.
Girls, come on,
we have a magazine to launch.
- Sofia, can I talk to you?
- Sure.
I'm not sure how comfortable
I feel doing this.
I just felt like I graduated Mode,
I was generally not treated well,
I don't know if I'm ready to go back
and write about the experience just yet.
But, Betty, this is exactly why
you need to do this.
The wounds are fresh.
The article will be raw.
Real. Honest.
Qualities your former boss
seems to be lacking.
- Huh?
- Oh, Betty.
- Sofia, what's wrong?
- I think I'm losing Daniel.
What? No. Daniel loves you.
Why is he stalling then? Huh?
This is where it happens.
He breaks down the girl,
takes her heart, and squashes it.
Oh, my God.
I think I am destined to be
another one of Daniel Meade's girls.
No. No. Sofia...
And I left Hunter for Daniel.
Now he's back in Europe,
and he won't even talk to me anymore.
I'm sorry, I'm just so overwhelmed.
You go up to Mode
and write that article.
This is your big chance.
- [Sobbing]
- OK.
What are you doing back? I thought you
went to work for Feminazi Weekly.
I'm writing an article
about being an outsider at Mode,
- and I wanted to interview you.
- [Chuckles]
As much fun as that sounds,
I don't have time for it right now.
Wilhelmina is due back any second, she's
always tense after a relaxing vacation.
Just a quick quote. Honestly. Tell me
what was your first impression of me?
Um... [screeching]
There you have it.
Now, please, just waddle off.
I don't even know how to quote that.
Well, I was thrilled. Someone else
to make fun of behind their backs.
You also gave me
a fun hobby to do, as well.
Which was?
[Marc] Betty's screensavers of shame!
They're not as flattering as the ones
I found of you on Dudecruise. Com
- but they're not bad.
- You did not.
Don't you ever tell anyone.
- Erase those off your computer now.
- Fine.
[Cell phone rings]
OK, everyone! She's coming in!
Move it. Let's go people.
Go, go, go! Look alive. Look...
Cover that up. You know
how she feels about floral print.
Move it! The shark is in the box.
Go, Randall, go!
- Good morning, Marc.
- Willie.
Hi. Are those jeans?
Aren't they fabulous?
Ted took me to an outlet mall.
I shopped next to fat people.
- Hello, Carl. How was your holiday?
- Kevin. I spent it sending out resumes.
Why?
You fired me at the Christmas party.
I'm just packing.
Is that true?
- As if it never happened, Carl.
- Kev...
Don't push it.
[Loud knocking on door]
So, I heard you called
asking for a new caseworker.
You don't have to say anything.
Maybe this wasn't a good fit, you know?
- It happens.
- Look, I'm sorry, Constance.
No problem. Good luck to you.
Thanks.
- [Exhales deeply]
- [Knock on door]
Are you out of your mind?
You can't just get a new caseworker.
I'm not a pair of cheap socks
you can return to a 99 Cent Store.
Let me remind you, Mr. Suarez,
you are an illegal immigrant.
Now, I could make this easy or I can
Lojack your ankle like an IROC-Z.
- Have I made myself clear?
- Very.
Good. Then I'll see you tomorrow.
An article? Ooh.
Make me sound
extra glamorous. And skinny.
Honest quote, what did you
think of me when I first arrived?
- Well, I hated you, of course.
- "Hated me."
Because I didn't
look like everybody else?
No. It's because I'd been
angling for this position for months,
and you traipse in here with your bushy
eyebrows and really bad bangs, I'm like,
"That took my job?"
You confirmed everything
I'm writing about.
Well, I must confess, at a certain point
I did become envious of you.
- Wait. You became envious of me?
- Only in the most bizarre way.
I can't go out
with an out-of-season handbag,
and you show up on a daily basis
looking like a yard sale.
Didn't care, like you were genetically
engineered without the fear gene.
- I got to give you props.
- Thank you, Amanda.
Oh, and FYI, none of this
means I like you or anything.
Of course.
Where were you this morning?
I called you, like, 1,000 times.
[Chuckling] With Ted.
He's staying with me
through the weekend. What did I miss?
A guy named Steve called. Said he had
valuable information about Bradford.
- Cryptic. Shall I try him?
- No. What else?
A 1:00 editors' meeting
about the bridal issue.
- Daniel can handle that.
- But it's Vera Wang this year.
You love your Wang.
[Screams]
What is it?
I don't know. It's like a giant
dead rat or something.
- Did you piss off Donna Karan again?
- I think...
It's an armadillo. Aw.
Would you put him
up there for me, please?
[Cell phone ringing]
- Yes?
- [woman] We need to speak...
...in person.
You weren't the type of girl
I was used to working with.
But as I got to know you,
I really grew to like you.
And I got to say...
you helped me grow as a person.
- You're writing all this down?
- Of course.
So, I really helped you
grow as a person?
Well, yeah. Well, the whole Sofia thing.
You had a huge part in that.
So you're still planning
on proposing to her?
Why do you ask?
You didn't hear this from me.
If you tell her, I will deny it.
She was crying this morning. She thinks
you're having second thoughts.
- What? That's crazy!
- Can you blame her?
She doesn't want to become another one
of your "Daniel Meade girls."
Listen,
I think if you don't want to lose her,
you know what you have to do.
- Thanks, Betty.
- I'm getting lunch, get you something?
- I have a new assistant now, remember?
- Oh, yeah.
Now tell me, where does one find
an armadillo in Manhattan?
In Chinatown. I think it was
going to be someone's lunch.
Well, despite the fact that it
clashes with most of my office...
...I adore him.
I put him on the shelf in front of me,
to remind me of what's important.
- What's that?
- Well, moments like this.
I spent the past 20 years worrying about
hemlines and heels, and for what?
If you have no one to share it with,
what's the point?
You're about to share hemlines
and heels with me, are you?
I was thinking about
sharing something else.
- What?
- I got to warn you, Willie.
I'm hauling around
a truck full of baggage.
I have three exes, I'm working
on a fourth. A passel of kids.
We both have plenty of baggage.
But...
...l'm willing to give it a shot
if you are.
[Man] Hey, lady. Get out of here.
Hunter is supposedly this perfect
modellracecar driverlhumanitarian
living in Europe, except he's here.
- So he gets around.
- I saw Sofia with him.
- She told me they don't speak.
- Well, they reconnected.
She was handing him a wad of cash.
A lot of it. Right before
he walked into Boylesque.
The strip club on 34th and 7th?
What? I do manage to get out
of this closet every once in a while.
I assume since it caters exclusively
to women that he works there.
Sofia was dating a stripper.
Oh, my God. I love her.
This is so weird.
And she was so adamant about
getting Daniel to propose to her.
- I don't know what to do.
- Oh, I do.
- What?
- We investigate.
Here I am birthing a calf.
Oh, and Ted's lassoing me.
I don't care about your silly
little vacation. What about the plan?
[Sighs] The plan. The plan to take over
Meade Publication has clearly failed.
Bradford knows now with complete
certainty that Fey Sommers is dead.
And we have no firm evidence
linking him to her murder.
Hand me my oxygen.
[Inhaling deeply]
Wilhelmina, I fully intend
to take over the company
sooner rather than later.
And if you're not my ally,
then you will be my enemy.
And there will be no place
for you anywhere at Meade.
Well...
...we'll just let the chips
fall where they may.
- Where are we?
- Somewhere I never bring a woman to.
I didn't realize such a place
still existed in Manhattan.
[Laughs] Yeah, I know I have
a few notches on my belt.
Baby, it's all notch, no belt.
Which makes me wonder, how does
a man with no belt keep his pants on?
- Hmm?
- Mmm... Meeting someone like you.
[Gasping] Mr. Meade.
This is so embarrassing.
- What is he doing here?
- We're having dinner together.
Before we move to that next step,
I thought it was important for you
to meet both of my parents.
- Welcome, Sofia.
- Hello. Thank you.
My God, she's stunning. Thank God
Daniel got to her before you did.
Hello, I'm Claire, Daniel's recovering
alcoholic mother. Welcome.
Best behavior, I am trying
to make a good impression.
Oh, my darling, I would never
do anything to embarrass you.
Mmm-hmm.
Let me show you Daniel's baby pictures.
He does the cutest thing in the tub.
Does he?
What are we looking for?
Something that'll show that barracuda
the year I came into this country.
I can't deal with this woman.
She's rude. She's obnoxious. She's...
The U.S. Government.
What'd you expect?
Respect. She shows up unannounced
and starts needling me.
- I don't think she's ever smiled.
- Dad, stop. You're powerless.
And, you know, we need her
on our side right now.
Constance Grady is
only on Constance Grady's side.
Well, then maybe Ignacio Suarez
should try being on her side.
You ever stop to think that
maybe she's actually trying to help?
Try getting in her good graces.
You know, something simple,
something sweet.
Make her smile.
[Michael Gray: The Weekend]
[Man] Argh.
You ladies ready to plunder the
Seven Seas for some buried treasure?
- How much?
- We are not here for a lap dance.
Sir, we're here to see
one of your performers... Hunter.
Every other guy is named Hunter here.
You're gonna have to be a more specific.
Well, he's tall, and blonde,
and he looks kind of Nordic.
Oh. Of course. Hunter Nine.
Well, get in line.
Everyone wants a piece of the Nine.
Ooh... I think we're gonna need
an awful lot of singles.
I open my closet door
and there was Daniel,
in my Pucci strapless
and a pair of patent leather pumps.
For the record, I was six-years-old,
and it was my brother who dressed me up.
You never talk about your brother.
- Yeah. He died two years ago.
- Oh, I'm sorry.
It's been a bit of a bumpy road
for the Meade family of late.
But it seems our luck is changing.
- To Sofia.
[Speaks Spanish]
As a Reyes you must have had
plenty of maids growing up.
We spent a week at Javier Reyes' estate
in Puerto Vallarta.
He has the most darling little zoo.
Or rather, zoologico?
You got the wrong Reyes.
Growing up, we only had
one maid, my mother.
And the closest I ever got
to the upper crust
is when I used to help her
clean their houses.
So no silver spoon?
Oh, no. We could barely afford
a plastic one.
That's why I like this girl.
Someone who actually worked for
what they got out of life.
You could learn something from her.
And I fully intend to, Father,
for as long as she's
willing to teach me.
Hello?
Betty, it's a bridge and tunnel
bachelorette party.
- So?
- That woman is about to marry some fat,
bald, pasty-looking dentist. This is
her last supper. She is cashing out.
- Do you think he'll take my ATM card?
- I know where he can swipe it.
OK. Fine. Here's lunch for the week.
Twenty. Hunter! He's coming,
he's coming, he's coming.
- Twenty.
- Hey ladies,
you're ready to pay
the proper fine for the Nine.
You can cop a feel,
just don't let management see you.
- OK.
- He said.
Hunter, do you have a girlfriend?
I got girlfriends, boyfriends,
all sorts of friends.
So... you mean you're bisexual?
That's right, babe.
You buy, I'm sexual.
So what kind of lap dance
you in the mood for? Cupping the cobra?
Feeding the kitty? Slapping the bongos?
Or a good, old-fashioned hot dog race?
Yes! Well, I'm assuming
everything's à la carte?
Hey, Hunter.
Jiggle your junk on over here.
[Chuckles] Time's up, ladies.
I gotta service the high rollers.
- No. Please don't leave.
- I just gave you 20!
Come to mama, baby. Oh, my God.
He's a whore, what more
do we need to investigate?
I have to find out about him and Sofia.
Well, I suggest you make
a beeline for that ATM.
Which is absolutely fine by me, because
I am here for the long haul, Betty.
[Sofia] You two look so happy together.
- How long have you been married?
- It'll be 38 years in September.
They make it look so easy, don't they?
I almost shot him one
Christmas in Ann Arbor.
Thank God it was me
who was loaded and not the gun.
You almost shot him?
Well, every family does
holidays a little differently.
In a marriage, things happen.
Things like "Tisha" and "Cindy"
and "Candee," with two "E's."
And let's not forget about Fey.
- Settle.
- Mmm.
My point is that marriage
can be pretty awful sometimes.
But, somehow, you find a way to go on.
And that's a good thing.
Because when something
really bad happens,
like losing one of your children...
...you realize that you could never
survive it without your husband.
Come on. Dance with me.
You're bombed, aren't you?
It's just a little cough syrup. [coughs]
If you turn and run,
I will completely understand.
Never.
I'd love to have what they have,
but without the cheating.
If you cheat on me,
I swear I will cut your cojones off.
Do you think our grandchild will have
a Spanish name like "Paco"?
- Do you like her?
- She's lovely.
There's just something about her.
Like she's hiding something.
Aren't we all?
You know, if you want it,
we could have what they have.
- Stop the hogging.
- Hey!
- Hey, here, look. Money.
- This will get you a minute.
Have you ever been hired
to pretend to be someone's boyfriend?
All the time, if a girl
wants to make a guy jealous.
Is that what you did for Sofia Reyes?
Is she already giving me
recommendations? Nice.
[Cell phone rings]
- Hello?
- [Betty] Hi, Daniel, it's Betty.
I need to talk to you about Sofia.
Hey. Perfect timing! I just proposed!
- You did?
- Yeah, isn't that great?
It would've never happened
if we hadn't had our talk.
Thank you, Betty!
Is there something
you wanted to tell me?
Um... Yeah... Congratulations.
Box seats for Cosi Fan Tutte at the Met.
Prepare to be dazzled.
And... a pair of Ferragamo wing tips.
Sorry, no cowboy boots at the opera.
Well... what's going on?
I had a long talk
with my wife today, Willie.
I don't know how to say this.
I think you just did.
Willie, wait.
Joanne and I have a daughter together.
And my other kids...
...they don't need another ex-stepmom.
My family is pretty broken.
I got to try and fix it.
I don't expect you to understand, but...
Let's not, shall we?
What chance did an armadillo
and a roadrunner have anyway?
Keep the shoes.
And... try not to step in any cow dung.
[Indistinct chatter]
Good morning, Sofia. Coffee?
Where'd you get it? Hunter's jock strap?
What? You didn't think
he was going to tell me
that a bushy-brow,
Latino girl with braces
came and asked questions about us?
You can leave us alone for a second.
Thank you.
Why would you hire someone
to pretend to be your boyfriend?
I knew about
Daniel's reputation and, well,
being just another single girl wouldn't
be enough to drive him to be with me.
Well, why would you want or even need
to drive someone to want to be with you?
A car is here to take you
to Rise and Shine America.
- Daniel's already waiting.
- Thank you, Ruthie.
- He's going with you?
- Yes.
We are going to announce
our engagement together on air.
OK. I'll just grab a few things
and come right down.
No, you are going to stay here
and finish up that article.
And I expect it to be ready
by the time I get back.
- Good morning, Wilhelmina.
- Didn't I fire you?
[Ruthie] I can't believe today's
the big day. Aren't you so excited?
- Yep, big day. Really excited.
- [Giggling]
[Ruthie] Thank God we got the cover.
My nerves had me all blotchy
thinking she might not pull it off.
Never doubt Sofia.
The article's great.
I don't think she slept a wink
last night writing it.
- Is that going to press?
- As we speak.
- Um... Can I read that?
- Sofia doesn't want you to read it yet.
- Why not?
- [Grunts quizzically]
OK.
Hey!
- [Yells]
- [Grunts]
You... You... You! Get her!
[Elevator bell rings]
Come on! Come on! Come on!
[Yelps]
"The rules to getting any guy you want
to propose to you in 60 days or less."
Do what you got to do.
[Sofia] Pique his interest.
My editors and I are working here...
Stay in close proximity.
Why do you think I'm a tease?
Give him a taste.
Hey, you. Come here.
Make yourself unavailable.
Stop me from walking into that club.
Create a ticking clock.
[Clock ticking]
- Betty.
- Christina, it was all a lie.
What are you talking about?
Sofia set him up from the beginning.
She used Daniel to get her cover story.
[Man] From the RSA Studios
in mid-town Manhattan,
Rise and Shine America.
Coming up, acclaimed author
and magazine editor Sofia Reyes
is here to talk about
her new magazine MYW.
And her engagement to New York's
most eligible bachelor, Daniel Meade.
[Man] OK camera two, tighten it up.
Ready camera one.
Security, get her out of here.
- Daniel!
- [Man] Ready one...
- In four... three... two...
- Sofia, it's a big week for you.
- [Sofia] Yes, yes it is.
So tell us about your magazine.
I created MYW in order to fill a void.
There are no magazines that actually
make a modern woman feel empowered.
This is not about overpriced clothes
or wrinkle creams.
These are real articles.
- Fantastic.
- That's great.
I understand you used yourself
as an example for the first cover.
That's right. Statistics would say
that I shouldn't be here right now.
But I am.
With a new magazine
and newly engaged
to the most notorious bachelor
in New York City.
I got him to propose to me in 60 days.
- [Woman] Wow.
- Sixty days. That's, like, two months.
[Woman] Yeah. Is that true? Sixty days?
[Daniel] Yeah... I guess it was
exactly 60 days from
the day we first met till
last night when I proposed. Yeah.
And that's my lead article.
"From Fling to Ring in Sixty Days."
Techniques to make you get
the man you want in 60 days.
If they worked for me with Daniel Meade,
they'll work for any woman out there.
Now, Daniel, were you aware that she
set out to try and get you to propose?
No, I wasn't.
We met and we fell in love.
Well, actually, Daniel,
you fell in love.
I mean, I have to tell you, as much
as I like you... You're a terrific guy.
But right now I just want to focus
on my career, not on a relationship.
Thank you for being such a good sport.
- Well, fantastic.
- [Man] Fantastic.
[Woman] So let's talk more about...
Even I'm shedding a silent tear.
Guess it's impossible
for any of us to have it all.
[Exhaling deeply]
But no reason why we can't keep trying.
By the way, that Steve guy
called again about Bradford.
Get him for me.
[Woman] Well, the magazine is MYW,
and the woman behind it all,
Sofia Reyes.
[Man] And Daniel Meade,
ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you both for stopping by.
- And that's a wrap.
- [Buzzer rings]
Daniel.
How could you do this to me?
- Sofia, I fell in love with you.
- I know you did.
And for what?
A publicity stunt. Really?
How many times have you done exactly
the same thing to dozens of women?
How many times have you
broken hearts and dumped them?
I can guarantee you none were
broadcast on national television.
This wasn't easy for me either.
I thought it would be, but it wasn't.
When I start something,
I have to follow through.
And you can call me a bitch.
You can call me whatever you want.
But it's how I've gotten
where I am today.
Otherwise, I would still be
dusting houses in Mexico with my mother.
For what it's worth...
...you are so much more
than I ever thought you would be.
And I'm sorry.
Daniel... I'm so sorry.
I'm going to go down
right now and fire her.
You're certainly free
to do whatever you want.
If I were CEO, I'd be signing her up
to a long-term contract.
That stunt will probably guarantee you
the single biggest launch of any
magazine in the company's history.
But you're my son. She hurt you.
It's just business, Dad.
- [Women clapping]
- [Sofia] Thank you.
Thank you.
- You betrayed me.
- No. That's not true.
You manipulated me
and you lied to my face about Daniel.
Yes, I did, but not about you.
I did not lie about your potential.
I did not lie about your abilities.
That's why I hired you.
I see a lot of myself in you.
Well, I don't see any of myself in you.
Here's my article
about working at Mode.
Funny thing, researching it,
those people might be superficial,
but they know it.
They don't pretend to be
anything more than they are.
I actually think I fit in
better there than I will here.
- Betty.
- I quit.
December 10th, 1977.
A lease. That'll work.
First apartment my wife and I lived in.
No heat, no hot water, a view
of a brick wall. It was paradise.
Well, thank you very much
for your cooperation.
Well, listen, Constance,
I wanted to apologize
for getting off on
the wrong foot with you.
- Mmm.
- And so I...
I wanted to give you this.
A lot of letters...
That's why the words are so small.
Mmm-mm-mmm.
[Exhaling deeply] You don't know...
You just don't know
what this means to me.
I mean, everyone is always treating me
like a glorified meter maid.
- Oh!
- [Struggling]
Thank you so much.
You just made my day.
Adios, Ignacio.
I hope to be seeing a lot of you.
Well, hello.
- [Amanda grunting]
- [Sofia yelling]
Marc!
- Where's Daniel?
- Oh, that bird has flown the coop.
What?
Instead of coming to the office,
his driver took him to JFK.
- No one knows where he is.
- You mean...
- Poof!
- What?
He disappeared.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org